Add where people can find help if they want to contribute (#2415)
3liz/lizmap-web-client: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribution guidelines

> ## Geting in touch
> 
> - People working on lizmap are available throught email on the lizmap mailing list
> at https://lists.osgeo.org/pipermail/lizmap/
> - We are also hanging out on #lizmap on https://libera.chat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Getting in touch

- People working on Lizmap are available through email on the Lizmap mailing list
at https://lists.osgeo.org/pipermail/lizmap/
- We are also hanging out on #lizmap on https://libera.chat
```
